when you think about Valentine's Day a
lot of us think about chocolate well
valentine's day is this saturday many
couples will they go out for a nice
romantic dinner it's important though to
remember to be healthy when you're
celebrating celebrating Miriam biver is
here with sustainable health choices
good morning good morning so you're
going to do a class on heart healthy
cooking yes for couples but you have
brought some really cool truffles that
you're going to make for us that include
no sugar no refined sugars Wow yeah so
there's going to be sugar and some of
the fruit that we're putting in titles
and that's what makes it sweet as you've
got raisins and you have dates there yes
how do you go about making these well
one thing that I love about this recipe
so much is that you don't have to know
how to cook and it's so easy it's simply
dating all of these ingredients here
we've got raisins and dates and cashews
and flaxseed which is really good yeah
the only thing that I do with this is I
grind it up in a coffee grinder
beforehand and then I throw all of these
things with the raw chocolate powder and
the carob powder into the food processor
and just do it until the desired texture
where can you find raw chocolate powder
and carob powder it's a good question at
deep roots market observing garden
street is where I get the raw chocolate
powder you can also get at our earth
fair market on battleground and say mom
as well as the carob throw it all in
there and throw it all in and there's a
lot of variations some people you can
add almond extract or vanilla extract
things like that orange to get your
desired flavor and then just turn it on
and just animecon and yeah I'm going to
make one
wow that's pretty easy food processors
or blenders either one um you take it
out and I like it kind of nutty feeling
so there's some chunks and then you're
going to spoon it out and you're simply
going to roll it in your hand and then I
made a mixture here with with coconut
and just more chocolate powder to add
texture on the outside and you just roll
it in that yeah and you can make these
ahead of time and just put them in the
freezer on a cookie sheet and sort of
flash freeze them mm-hmm and then put
them in Ziploc bags afterwards once are
already frozen and then you can just
give them to people as gifts give them
to your sweetie for a hike today and
they're just like this and they're
pretty sweet and again so easy to make
and they're good for you and there they
have a lot of antioxidants than it yeah
we've heard a lot about how dark
chocolate has lots of magnesium and if
your blood pressure raw chocolate has
over three hundred percent more than
typical baking chocolate or cocoa powder
wow that looks great now is this one of
the things that you're going to be
teaching your cooking class tell us
about your class yeah the class is going
to be at the hive community center which
is near downtown next on Valentine's Day
and we'll be cooking a whole meal for
couples or just your mom and mom
daughter teams whatever anybody you want
to cook with and then we're going to eat
the exciting food everything's good for
your heart easy to make and it's kind of
fun food and then we'll enjoy it and
that can be your daytime activity before
you go off and do something later it
sounds wonderful or maybe you can learn
to cook something really good and really
healthy and then cook it for your
sweetheart exactly mm-hm so you could
come with a friend and then get your
separate ways later that evening and
cook for other people that sounds great
to me now folks want to take part in
this do they need to pre-register yeah
you can give me a call or email me my
informations on the website as well as
this recipe it smells good job heavenly
thank you so much for coming in today we
appreciate it Miriam's cooking for your
heart seminar for couples is this
Saturday and she said it doesn't have to
be you know husband and wife or
boyfriend/girlfriend it can be
grandmother mother you name it just come
and enjoy 11 to 1 at the hive in
Greensboro that son groves
tree it's $25 but you need to register
by calling 4048 956 448 956 she said all
that information is on our website my
fox 8 com